W-19704481-add-Agent-Fabric-authoring-content-mk (#504)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-deploy-agent-network-targets.adoc

= Deploy Agent Network Instances

Deploy your agent network instance to a deployment target. You can deploy to a CloudHub 2.0 private space or to a Runtime Fabric (limited availability). When you deploy, Flex Gateway secures your agent network into the ingress gateway. Also, it secures your brokers, agents, and MCP servers into the egress gateway.

[NOTE]
====
If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks. For more information, see Build Agent Networks in a CI/CD Environment.
====

== Before You Begin Deploying Agent Networks

> Before you deploy your agent network project, make sure that you completed all steps in Before You Begin with Agent Networks and familiarized yourself with Basic Concepts.

Reviewer: Add a link to the source of truth.

=== Permissions and Access

Make sure that you have these permissions to deploy your agent network instance successfully.

* API Manager: Deploy API Proxies and Manage Policies
* Runtime Manager: Create applications

> === Before You Begin Checklist

Reviewer: If the Before You Begin is appropriate, there's no need to make a checklist.

If you followed the previous sections' instructions, Anypoint Code Builder desktop should be set up and ready to deploy agent networks. Let's check.

* Did you complete the steps in Before You Begin with Agent Networks, particularly creating a target space for deployment and setting up gateways?

* Did you complete the steps in Before You Begin Creating Agent Networks?

* Do you have the API Manager and Runtime Manager permissions specified in Permissions and Access?

== Deploy Your Agent Network

> Let MuleSoft Dev Agent help you deploy your agent network instance. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your agent network instance with the assistance of MuleSoft Dev Agent. Click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar, tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network, and wait for MuleSoft Dev Agent to complete the task.
```

**Suggested Prompts**

* Deploy my agent network project to the production environment.
* Deploy the hello-world-network project to staging.
* Deploy agent network project at /path/to/project to dev environment with specific gateways.
* Deploy my agent network to CloudHub 2.0.

If you don't want to use MuleSoft Dev Agent, deploy your agent network instance using these steps.

> . In your Anypoint Code Builder project, in Explorer, right-click a project file and select **Deploy Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Deploy Agent Network** in the Command Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your Anypoint Code Builder project, in the *EXPLORER* bar, right-click a project file and select **Deploy Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Deploy Agent Network** in the Command Palette.
```

> . If you're not logged in already, log in to your Anypoint Platform account.

Reviewer: If this is needed, this should be added to the prereq.
